search-app/docs/site.md, before:

## Site Routes and Web Resources Documentation

***

See also the [API Documentation](search_api_docs.html).

### Table of Contents

  * [Routes](#routes)
  * [Static Assets and Content](#static-assets-and-content)
  * [Redirects](#redirects)

### <a name="routes"></a> Routes

The CMR Search Site defines the following application routes, relative to the base CMR Search URL. These resources at the URLs are generated dynamically using page templates (cached).

| Path                                                      | Description                                               |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| /                                                         | The CMR Search "home" page                                |
| /site/collections/directory                               | A listing of supported collection directories             |
| /site/collections/directory/eosdis                        | A listing of EOSDIS collection directories                |
| /site/collections/directory/:provider-id/:tag             | A listing of collection landing pages by provider and tag |

Note that in production, the base CMR Search URL is `/search`, while in development it is `/`.

### <a name="static-assets-and-content"></a> Static Assets and Content

The CMR Search Site defines the following static resources. As above, the URLs listed are relative to the base CMR Search URL.

| Path            | Description                                         |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| /site/docs      | Documentation links                                 |
| /site/docs/api  | The API documentation                               |
| /site/docs/site | The documentation for site routes and web resources |

Additionally, static assets are made available at the site root, serving CSS and JavaScript files.

### <a name="redirects"></a> Redirects

The following temporary redirects are currently defined, to assist with the migration to a better organized documentation URL structure.

| Path            | Destination                |
| --------------- | -------------------------- |
| site/docs/api   | site/search_api_docs.html  |
| site/docs/site  | site/search_site_docs.html |

Each of these return an HTTP response status code of `307`. Once the docs reorganization is complete, the redirection's will be reversed and the status code will be `301`.

Commit message:

Added infrastructure for sitemaps support.

search-app/docs/site.md, after:

## Site Routes and Web Resources Documentation

***

See also the [API Documentation](search_api_docs.html).

### Table of Contents

  * [Routes](#routes)
  * [Static Assets and Content](#static-assets-and-content)
  * [Redirects](#redirects)

### <a name="routes"></a> Routes

The CMR Search Site defines the following application routes, relative to the base CMR Search URL. These resources at the URLs are generated dynamically using page templates (cached).

| Path                                                      | Description                                               |
| --------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| /                                                         | The CMR Search "home" page                                |
| /sitemap.xml                                              | The top-level CMR Search sitemap                          |
| /site/collections/directory                               | A listing of supported collection directories             |
| /site/collections/directory/eosdis                        | A listing of EOSDIS collection directories                |
| /site/collections/directory/:provider-id/:tag             | A listing of collection landing pages by provider and tag |
| /site/collections/directory/:provider-id/:tag/sitemap.xml | Sitemaps for collection landing pages by provider and tag |

Note that in production, the base CMR Search URL is `/search`, while in development it is `/`.

### <a name="static-assets-and-content"></a> Static Assets and Content

The CMR Search Site defines the following static resources. As above, the URLs listed are relative to the base CMR Search URL.

| Path            | Description                                         |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| /site/docs      | Documentation links                                 |
| /site/docs/api  | The API documentation                               |
| /site/docs/site | The documentation for site routes and web resources |

Additionally, static assets are made available at the site root, serving CSS and JavaScript files.

### <a name="redirects"></a> Redirects

The following temporary redirects are currently defined, to assist with the migration to a better organized documentation URL structure.

| Path            | Destination                |
| --------------- | -------------------------- |
| site/docs/api   | site/search_api_docs.html  |
| site/docs/site  | site/search_site_docs.html |

Each of these return an HTTP response status code of `307`. Once the docs reorganization is complete, the redirection's will be reversed and the status code will be `301`.
